What steps does a developer need to take to resolve ServiceNow's request?
Rules for access control lists (ACLs) restrict access to data by requiring users to pass a set of requirements before they can interact with it, all client callable script includes should be secured with required roles.

Any logged-in users with minimum snc_internal can access an unprotected CCSI by default. Attacker can run a GlideAjax on console or do a custom HTTP request xmlhttp.do and can execute functions defined in Client callable script include. Create ACL around script include with Type as "client_callable_script_include" and define required roles.

(function (finding, current) {

    var gr_acl = new GlideRecord('sys_security_acl');
		gr_acl.addQuery('type','client_callable_script_include');
		gr_acl.addQuery('name','CONTAINS',current.name);
		gr_acl.query();
		if(!gr_acl.next()){
			finding.setCurrentSource(current);
			finding.increment();
		}
	

})(finding, current);

ChatGPT
It looks like you're trying to enhance the security of ServiceNow by adding Access Control List (ACL) rules for client callable script includes. The script you provided appears to be a Business Rule that enforces a security check on the script includes. Here are some steps you might want to consider:

Understanding the Problem:
Ensure you understand the potential security risks associated with unrestricted access to client callable script includes and the need for implementing ACLs.

Create an Access Control Rule (ACL):
Based on the provided script, it seems you are checking if there is already an ACL defined for the given client callable script include. If not, you are incrementing a finding counter. You should create an actual ACL to restrict access. You can do this through the ServiceNow platform by navigating to "Security -> Access Controls" and creating a new record.

Configure the ACL:
In the ACL record, set the necessary conditions to define who can access the client callable script include. This involves specifying roles, conditions, and other criteria that users must meet to access the script include.

Update the Business Rule:
Modify the Business Rule to use the ACL you created. Instead of just incrementing a finding counter, enforce the ACL conditions on the client callable script include. If the user doesn't have the required roles or conditions, you may want to log an error, deny access, or take other appropriate actions.

Test the Solution:
After making these changes, thoroughly test your solution to ensure that the ACLs are properly enforced and that the desired security measures are in place. Test different scenarios, including both authorized and unauthorized access attempts.

Monitoring and Maintenance:
Regularly review and update your ACLs based on changes in your application or security policies. Keep an eye on logs and monitoring tools to detect any unusual or unauthorized activities.

Documentation:
Document the implemented security measures, including ACL configurations and any custom scripts. This documentation will be helpful for future maintenance, audits, and for informing other developers about the security measures in place.

Remember, security is an ongoing process, and it's crucial to stay vigilant against emerging threats. Regularly review and update your security configurations based on best practices and any new information or vulnerabilities that may arise.
