What is the best practice for the following Servicenow request? Rules for access control lists (ACLs) restrict access to data by requiring users to pass a set of requirements before they can interact with it, all client callable script includes should be secured with required roles.

Any logged-in users with minimum snc_internal can access an unprotected CCSI by default. Attacker can run a GlideAjax on console or do a custom HTTP request xmlhttp.do and can execute functions defined in Client callable script include. Create ACL around script include with Type as "client_callable_script_include" and define required roles.

(function (finding, current) {

    var gr_acl = new GlideRecord('sys_security_acl');
		gr_acl.addQuery('type','client_callable_script_include');
		gr_acl.addQuery('name','CONTAINS',current.name);
		gr_acl.query();
		if(!gr_acl.next()){
			finding.setCurrentSource(current);
			finding.increment();
		}
	

})(finding, current);

ChatGPT
It looks like you are trying to create an Access Control List (ACL) in ServiceNow to secure client callable script includes. Your code snippet seems to be a script include that checks whether there is an ACL defined for the client callable script include, and if not, it increments a finding.

Here are some best practices and suggestions:

Use Script Includes Wisely:
Ensure that your script includes only contain functions that should be exposed to clients. Avoid including sensitive logic or data in these script includes.

Secure Script Includes with Roles:
You are correct in wanting to secure client callable script includes with required roles. Ensure that only users with the necessary roles can execute these functions. Define the required roles in the ACL.

Improve ACL Query:
The ACL query in your script checks if there is any ACL for the given script include. The query could be improved by checking if there is an ACL with the exact name and type. The current query uses the 'CONTAINS' operator, which may lead to unintended matches.

javascript
Copy code
gr_acl.addQuery('type', 'client_callable_script_include');
gr_acl.addQuery('name', current.name);
Audit Trail:
Consider adding an audit trail or logging mechanism to record when the ACL is checked and if the check failed. This can be valuable for monitoring and security analysis.

Testing:
Thoroughly test the ACL and script include in a non-production environment before deploying them to production. Ensure that the ACL works as expected and that only authorized users can execute the client callable script includes.

Stay Informed:
Keep yourself informed about ServiceNow updates and security best practices. Regularly review and update your security measures as needed.

Remember that security is an ongoing process, and it's important to regularly review and update your security measures to adapt to changing requirements and potential threats.
